is so uh a wrestling company is in
financial trouble right now and
apparently they've made a pitch too
they're owning company or not the owning
company but you know part owner and
sinclair broadcasting for funding and
they would not give him the funding and
they would not give them more of a
budget we're gonna talk about that yes
ROH Ring of Honor with such Superstars
as Roddy strong he's not even under
contract anymore Mike Bennett maria
kanellis moose the Briscoes i like the
Briscoes yeah yeah Prince my hostel
there I don't know I've been watching
quite a bit I guess as of late you've
got a truth martini in the house of
truth man the decade they're kind of
breaking up Adam page all those guys
down there and you know they brought up
a good point you know they brought in
Adam Cole and the Briscoes to drop
promos and basically like we need more
funding we need more money we look
what's happening we can be you know the
number two company in the United States
and I think this would be somewhat true
because you know TNA was on impact
wrestling TNA impact wrestling was on
spike TV and they were pulling in a
million people and I was hot with hardly
any advertisement right like spike
didn't really do much to promote them it
was mainly a deal that you know they got
a million plus people to watch and that
was about it they go to destination
America and if you guys watch you know
they started off with a three hundred
thousand or so and they've climbed up to
about 500,000 on destination America
making it the highest watch show on
destination America now before I get too
much into that or you know read too much
into that one of the things i do want to
mention just like you know what i was
talking to see impulse is that there are
a lot of advertisements for impact
wrestling when you want destiny
destination America there's commercials
at least once an hour
because they know as a flagship show of
the network they have to advertise it
and the advertising is working you know
they're pulling into bigger numbers now
granted the age demographic is older but
you know they said not to read too much
into that because yes it's the same
thing with Smackdown being on the Friday
it's more about who watches on Fridays
not so much as uh you know the
demographic it's mainly that's who's
home on Friday and their other show
which premiered about 80,000 went up to
about a hundred thousand the TNA
unlocked or whatever that was so I think
it's ROH is in kind of weird position
because their last pay-per-view did
about 8,000 buys which is you know what
TNA was pulling in before they stop you
know doings with me pay-per-view events
and those numbers were pretty sad but
eight thousand pay-per-view buys for a
company that you know doesn't get hardly
any advertising their advertisers
themselves are you know the painter I
just I lose my shit when Jay Lethal does
the you know get that the pain or me
saving brace today and you know that are
those are the big advertisements because
it is on more you know local cable which
is you know kind of disappointing
because our wage just put on a good show
I like the wrestling Nigel and County
getting sick of but as far as you know
the wrestling product goes they do have
a good wrestling product a lot of the
times it's their production quality
their cameras it just it just irritates
me but I think ROH could compete you
know with the rise of lucha underground
and you know the rise with TNA on
destination America I think if Sinclair
bought broadcasting actually put some
money in more than the budgets they gave
them for 2015 2016 I think they could be
made somewhat of a viable competitor but
one of the problems also is WB poaching
all their talent you know the steens the
generic owes the youngers the you know
those guys which it kind of sucks but at
the same time hey it's business it's the
company I wonder what you guys think if
you're sinclair broadcasting you wanted
obviously we know is wrestling fans
we're pretty cheap
and I don't mean to say that in a bad
way but you know we always complained on
pay per views and I bought before the
network I paid for a pay-per-view like a
year a year and a half paying 40 for 50
bucks because I covered it for a living
you know I was making YouTube videos and
I thought well okay I'll just pay for it
and then the network came out and this
is we know people are still streaming
paper news and I'm like do it it's not a
99 come on just buy it stop being cheap
go mow a lawn and you know are as far as
our wage because I don't necessarily see
how they make tons of money I think
their shows people pull pretty good
numbers I've been to one it was fun it
was exciting I think it was one of Kevin
scenes last shows no no that was I
didn't go to that one I went to the one
the year before that in Rochester um but
I definitely do like our wage I think
with a little bit more money just like
you no tiene or you know a better
partner it would work better when
considering their kind of a part owner
and you know in control it makes things
a little bit more difficult so I wonder
what you guys think if they had more
funding would they be able to compete
with a company like TNA would they be
the top second destination because
obviously they would ever past w/e and I
don't even think TNA will ever pass to
me to be but as far as being the second
best company in you know the wrestling
world because for a while I was really
enjoying the product they're paid for
use I thought were better than TNA and
TNA stepped on a little bit and then ROH
is kind of fluttered you know with the
whole Michael algun debacle and where
things went so you know I have it on DVR
a single week some weeks i watch some
weeks I don't somebody I look at stack
up for three but i wanted a you guys
thoughts and opinions on our wage if
they improve a little bit if they get
funding if they come out there would it
be a bigger company because it's working
for you know destination America it
really is it makes sense lock and key
there it is Adam rose Adam rose and it's
called Adam rose and Cole hits lot can
keep
excuse me but L&L Roddy strong kicks out
I mean when you have guys you can't keep
on you know contract because you can't
afford them it's gotta suck especially
with a lot of the great talent they have
because i really like Ronnie strong you
know even pw geez has a lot of guys
debuting at their next show that I've
never heard of or that I've heard of
just I've never seen a PWG because a lot
of indie towns are getting picked up so
I think they're gonna need money to
compete they're going to be able to need
to pay for some of these guys you know
they just brought in Alberto el patron
and then he got a concussion so they've
got to be in kind of a weird situation
and so wondering you guys let me know in
the comments section below there's more
money fixing is they're just not money
in wrestling as ROH doomed being I went
channel 23 the CW whatever it's called
let me know in the comments section
below guess